[CAM-8976] azure brownfield data in alm dashboard (#2547)
CenturyLinkCloud/PublicKB: Cloud Application Manager/Deploying Anywhere/deploying-managing-instances.md

* **Registered**: shows only registered instances, which are the ones deployed through or imported into Cloud Application Manager. In these instances, you can do lifecycle management by executing lifecycle events or using the lifecycle editor to change variables, event scripts or box versions of the instance. You can also select a specific state among the available ones (Online, Unavailable, Processing, Shutdown, Terminated) to show only the instance in the selected state.

* **Unregistered**: shows only unregistered instances, which are the ones accessible into all the defined providers that were not deployed through Cloud Application Manager. They are discovered in the synchronization event of a provider and are classified by Type and Subtype.

>   * Type: Any of Compute, Network, Database, Storage or Other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Type: One of Compute, Network, Database, Storage or Other
```

* **Unregistered**: shows only unregistered instances, which are the ones accessible into all the defined providers that were not deployed through Cloud Application Manager. They are discovered in the synchronization event of a provider and are classified by Type and Subtype.
  * Type: Any of Compute, Network, Database, Storage or Other

>   * Subtype: this is the instance class, specific to each provider type. For example, for AWS type providers we can see VPC or Application Load Balancers (for Network type instances), and S3 or Elastic Block Storages (for Storage type instances) and for the Azure provider we could see Express gateways (in Storage type instances) and Queue or BLOB (in Storage type instances).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Subtype: this is the instance class, specific to each provider type. For example, for AWS type providers we can see VPC or Application Load Balancers (for Network type instances), and S3 or Elastic Block Storages (for Storage type instances) and for an Azure provider we could see Virtual Networks or Application Gateways (in Network type instances) and Queue or BLOB (in Storage type instances). You can check the [full list of Azure resources being displayed here](./using-microsoft-azure.md#azure-native-resources).
```
